Good morning. Thank you. Good morning. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. You're welcome.
Thank you.
And as you all know, this morning I'm offering the involvement of the Western Dakini Kurukulli, a
current lineage of the His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche, who was one of the great masters in the region
of the Murappear Masambhava, and a great teacher, the master of the 41st, 20th century.
And so, the following is a lineage I'm offering to the involvement of the Kurukulli.
Before to begin the involvement of the lineage teaching, I'm going to give brief introductions.
Again, of course, before we give the introduction, or give the introduction, we should re-stand our
virtual motivation of the bodhijeta, the vastness motivation of the bodhijeta, and as well as also
purely the motivation of the Vedayana teaching, kind of combined, targeted to the motivation, which
is the foundation, the very foundation of the empowerment and the teaching.
And also important to benefit all beings.
So therefore, how are we going to think that today I'm going to receive the empowerment of the Kuru
kulli, which is the mother of all the Buddhas that I'm going to receive this empowerment, in order
to benefit to all living beings.
And not just only benefit it, but bring everyone to the enlightened state, to their ordinary
natural status.
And with that thought that I'm going to receive the empowerment, and also mature my mind, and
liberate every living being with that beautiful thought in the heart and mind.
At the same time, the Vedayana motivation, which is Vedayana teaching, is known as the three Vedya
status.
Everything is enlightened status, Vedaya form, Vedaya song, Vedaya mind, and space status.
So bring up those realizations there.
And now, with that thought, I will be very introduction, which is part of his own, his own teaching
.
So I will go roughly this translation, things, and just tell you that how the great master, his own
, he said, which is his Vedya world, his blessed world.
It's not just a conceptualized world composed by the different kind of sources of photography.
It is his enlightenment nature.
It is his enlightenment world that reflected into this way.
So I will again go really in that, in that, according to that senses.
And what you're going to receive today is the teaching of the Vedayana teachings.
Again, this is the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni, originally.
Buddha Shakyamuni came in this world 2,600 years ago.
Give variety teachings to all the disciples and send it based according to their need, according to
their readiness.
You give the teachings.
Those old teachings can be summarized into nayana teachings.
Nayana teachings, this teaching belongs to the Vedayana teachings.
The old Vedayana teachings can be divided into two groups, which is known as outer dhanthara
teaching and dhanthara teachings.
This is an dhanthara teaching.
An dhanthara teaching is known as Mahayoga teaching, Anoyoga teaching, Adiyoga teaching, or Pada D
hanthara, Mother Dhanthara, neutral dhanthara.
And among those teachings, this is, in a way, really combination of all that inner dhanthara
teaching, inner dhanthara teaching, and highlight with the Anoyoga teachings.
And then, together with the Adiyoga teachings, so that, and this, so.
And among that teaching, as I said, this is like, as there is Pada Dhanthara, Mother Dhanthara, and
neutral dhanthara, this is Mother Dhanthara.
Mother Dhanthara is a teaching of the worship of Dakinis.
And generally, there is no difference between male Buddha and female Buddha.
Everyone is in light and steady, all this.
But however, according to the scopes of the Vedayana teachings, male Buddha is more represented as
a skillful means, and female Buddha is more represented as a worship aspect of the teachings.
So therefore, for us, for us, what we need?
We need more wisdom so that we can understand the skillful meanings.
Therefore, in the Buddha's teaching, often said, Mother of all the Buddhas, the Pandya Paravata,
and as well as all, because all Buddhas reach enlightenment because of knowing the nature of the
worship.
They are knowing the nature of the great answer that Muslims and just Mother Pandya Paravata.
In that sense, the wisdom is very important.
For us, because we are very much deluded, generally mostly, as deluded by the kind of surface
activities of the skillful means, the spirit of the nature, we cannot carry with that force.
And because we didn't have enough wisdom, can't get just to that realization.
So therefore, in that sense, wisdom is very important.
So therefore, again, this is one of the very important practices.
And then, generally, what the Gurukali is then totally enlightening.
It's also not just a past Buddha or future Buddha, it is living Buddhas.
This Buddha can be understood in three different levels.
Dharmakaya level, Sambokaya level, and Dharmakaya levels.
Dharmakaya level is the Buddha's Sambodha Badris or the great Mother Pandya Paravata, which is
beyond the conception, beyond the complex cities, as a transcendental organ in nature, unbound, un
ceasing, un-natural in the by-sky.
As Buddha Shakyamuni said, or as great Master Rahula said in his teachings, so that is where nature
is.
This nature is residing all the time.
Whether we understand this nature or whether we didn't recognize this nature of Dharmakaya,
nature is always here with us, and that is the pervasive nature.
Every way we don't have any ideologies, that is what its essence of that nature is.
No, that's the meaning of the great wisdom and compassion.
Great wisdom, compassion, combined flow, in the transcendental, what's the nature state as
transcendental, what's the language or what's the state.
So that is Mother Dharmakaya Buddha of the Guru-Gurus.
From that nature state, as such, it is the union of the wisdom and compassion, and then arises such
an active energy, active energy, unceasing colleges, and that is not as then, like Sambokaya Budd
has, such as Pimann Buddhas, Sambokaya, Pyaapai, Dhyana Buddhas, all those are the Sambokaya Buddhas
of the Mother Guru-Gurus.
And which is a combination of the wisdom and compassion, more actively engaging the clarity of the
compassion, arising energy,
and helping to all the sentient beings, but regularly those highly enlightened state beings that
are class meeting, teaching,
toward the symbolic class mission of the energy systems, to all the enlightened beings.
And from that Sambokaya status, then arises such a great Muslim Rakhini, Rakhini, and in order to
benefit all the living beings, again, Ramakaya Buddhas,
such as one emanation of Taras and so forth, all those Muslim Rakhinis are the Muslim Ramakaya
status.
Among that, this which is also Mother emanation of the Mother Guru-Gurus.
So therefore, again, Mother Guru-Kulay is the embodiment of all three Gaius. Gaius and she
represent all.
And particularly what she represents in Mother Guru-Kulay, representing all Sambokaya energy, Samb
okaya nature,
which is also known other than the Buddha Amitabhas and Amitayas.
Amitayas, Amitabha emanation, so many Buddhas emanations one after another,
and then this is also also the emanation of the Amitabha, or is another Sambokaya status of the
Mother Taras.
And so this is the brilliant understanding of the Mother Guru-Kulay, and he is, then, as he said,
the embodiment of all,
or as he is known to do, he is the nature of the Padia Paramata, and which is the Dharmakaya state
of the Mother Kuru-Kulay.
In Sambokaya state, he is known as, then, five Nayan female Buddhas, which is also surrounded by so
many female Buddhas,
and as well as male Buddhas. And then in the Makaya state, many different emanations,
and such as the Tara, and a re-emination of the Tara, known as, then, or Kuru-Kulay, known as, then
,
question of Dakini, Hidsoja, and so forth, all this is. So that is really about the Kuru-Kulay.
Then this teaching, where this teaching come from, as I said, is come from the Buddha-Kakamuni,
but who bought this teaching to the, to the, to the Tibetan, is then great master,
Gaurapayama Sambokaya, who bought these teachings, teaching to the Tibetan at century, and Gaurapay
ama Sambokaya,
a variety, a variety of teachings, so many different teachings, but this is one of the very essence
teachings
of the Gaurapayama Sambokaya, and he shared two, many, two, so many disciples,
particularly among the twenty-five, or particularly twenty-five disciples from Gaurapayama Sambok
aya.
Particularly this teaching came to then, to the great, one of the twenty-five disciples, known as D
obi Chechong Nosa,
Dobi Chechong Nosa, and he received this instruction, so this is like, the hard practice of the,
hard practice of the Gaurapayama Sambokaya and the person of Dakini Hidsoja,
and previously, ideally, over-handed to the great master and their disciples, such as the Dobi Che
chong Nosa.
So, Dobi Chechong Nosa was the predecessor of his own, Dobi Chechong Nosa,
and so he was one of the twenty-five disciples of the Gaurapayama Sambokaya.
So, as Dobi Chechong Nosa incarnated so many great, one after another,
and throughout the great history, or the Nima history, and then, among those reincarnations,
his only Dobi Chechong Nosa, one of the great reincarnations of growing Chechong Nosa.
And in the teaching also said, his only Dobi Chechong Nosa,
the body emanation of the Chechong Nosa, and the speech emanation of the Gaurapayama Sambokaya,
and the mind emanation of the Gaurapayama Sambokaya himself.
So, the three great enlightened beings come together, one single state as his own Dobi Chechong N
osa,
and his own Dini Rupachis, and how he discovered his teachings.
And again, I will briefly talk that as his own words, that which is again he said that.
And here, in the teaching, his own Dini Rupachis have said that.
I want, I who is recognized as the reincarnation of the Dini Rupachis,
which means the predecessor of his own Dini Rupachis, now I am known as Jugra Yishidori,
all known as also given by the Gaurapayama Sambokaya as a name to me,
is Kaurui Raunal Nanga.
And I had beautiful connections in the past lives to the Gaurapayama Sambokaya,
and the Gaurapayama Sambokaya nation.
Therefore, throughout the lifetimes, I was compassioningly, kindly,
they observed, and they carried me, carried me all the times.
And I had also, therefore, I had beautiful Karmic donations.
I had beautiful Karmas.
And since they have been so kind throughout the lifetimes,
they carried me all the time, and since I was born as a child,
I had such great devotion, unfailing devotion to him,
to Gaurapayama Sambokaya, and indestructible devotions.
And, and appreciation to them.
Because of that, also in this life, that was his own Dini Rupachis talking,
I received so many times, signs and blessings,
that received so many times, again and again, sign of their blessings.
And then, also, I was predicted by Gaurapayama Sambokaya himself.
In the teaching, he said, in the Gaurapayama Sambokaya's own prejudice,
that means, 8th century, Gaurapayama Sambokaya predicted upcoming
the great teacher of his Dini Rupachis in the 21st, sorry, 20 centuries,
the beginning of 20 centuries.
He said, in the future, future, like in parts,
sorry, maybe I should say this way, in the far east,
east, that means Samyen, monastery is as central locations in the debate,
and major in from there, in the different directions.
From the east direction of the Samyen monastery, if I use,
and passing nine glacial mountains,
there is naturally imitated pure land of the Vaidyavarahi,
sacred land, which is referring to the Pimaku.
Hidden land of Pimaku is always referred as Vaidyayovini, sacred lands.
And that pure land, in that land, they will be named Jhana,
Jhana, which is dibraj seat of the Yishi, is named as Jhana.
And the one who had the name Jhana,
and he is the emanation of the Ravi, Chachamalosa,
welcome the bird in the same family of the cactus of Debzi,
and he will be maintained the Vaidyana vows,
or Vaidyana vows of the crazy Vasnu activities.
The activities, even his activities are not so always,
he can't relax regularly, and then he will carry,
as the kind of the very Vasnu yogi star, yogi star activities.
And it will reveal the new dharma,
and at the same time, we will protect it,
and preserve it, and spread it, the ancient dharma teachings.
Whoever according to this teacher, these beings,
will go to the pure land of the Gopaglorimond,
or Gopagmasabha pure land.
That was the predicted by the Gopagmasabha.
As, this is his only religion, he said, "As you see that, see it?"
And I had many opportunities when I was young.
Many of those rocket of the three rocket came in my mind, head,
so many times, so many times.
Particularly when I was 13 years old,
old I had directly vegan,
direct vegan of the sea in Gopagmasabha,
some of them, and also played with many young girls.
Some of them I had, we all played.
They handed me, me directly, again,
clearly open stairs, many scored peppers,
yellow scored peppers, peppers.
And as well as upper world, I had many times,
that similar experience, similar kind of like,
occurence, occurence, many times.
But however, due to the situation and circumstances
and prejudice, I can't really neglect it.
Just because of those old reasons,
I can't really neglect it to remove the new dharma.
And so I guess that, and then therefore,
all these yellow scored peppers, many of them,
I offered to them, (speaks in foreign language)
(speaks in foreign language)
I offered.
Offered, that means, is the female Buddha.
Female Buddha of the west.
West, (speaks in foreign language)
and which also referring to the pie,
so he offered to the pie.
According, of course, realization level,
old, again, as we speak about the Vedayana teachings,
in the Vedayana teachings, five aggregates,
the five dying Buddha, five elements,
the five people Buddha.
Among the element, pie is (speaks in foreign language)
or the (speaks in foreign language)
So he offered to the (speaks in foreign language)
And after that, I decided to continue to preserve it
and spreading the (speaks in foreign language)
dharma teachings, and as well as other Buddha teachings,
and I won't make effort to remove the new dharma.
Then my thought, I thought, that's what I will do.
With that thought, I said,
but however, when I reached the age of 25,
five and 25, and the 25th day,
the (speaks in foreign language)
and the Yogi, (speaks in foreign language)
who was one of the very famous, again,
Yogi and the disciple of his (speaks in foreign language)
himself.
He received the indication and encouragement
from the (speaks in foreign language)
and then he came suddenly to me, asked me,
"You have to revere the Dakini teachings.
"Dakini teaching, you have to revere right now."
I heard that Thurya Durya was very kind of a powerful,
powerful, even yet he is disciple of his (speaks in foreign language)
but he is very kind of like,
"He like to do things very fast and quick,
"quick as you don't like to delete."
So he came kind of forcefully right in front of
his (speaks in foreign language)
and asked, "You have to revere the Dakini teachings."
And so then he said, "You have to revere."
And as he said that earlier to me, kind of earlier to me,
and all this teaching what he wrote
came clearly in my voice and mind.
Clearly came, and then I described that in the one sitting
and handed it to him and he taught that so dearly,
dearly, and he went to the single room,
came in a Yadong chapter in the center of it.
It's the one of the very famous, famous cave
where (speaks in foreign language)
and as well as a great translator, (speaks in foreign language)
is also this, the one where he's really blessed,
where he reached enlightenment and realization
of where (speaks in foreign language)
status or where (speaks in foreign language)
status.
So, he went there and did the retreat.
And as he did the retreat, he got a lot of signs
and indications of realization of these teachings
that he did.
And then he come back again,
"You have to revere all these teachings."
As he originally, and then he revere all,
this is one after another, this Dharma teaching,
and this is what all of these teachings are,
related with the (speaks in foreign language)
related with the Dakini, Dakini.
So, that is the brief, kind of, history of how
he's only to the (speaks in foreign language)
revere these teachings.
And from this cycle of the teaching,
it has a lot of practice, a lot of teachings.
It's like (speaks in foreign language)
It has a lot of practices.
Among that, this is one of the great teaching,
is called the Kaurukula teaching,
and the Kaurukula practices,
that what I'm offering you to do.
And then this, so therefore, again, of course,
in the Myanmar schools of Tibetan Buddhism,
there's the (speaks in foreign language)
and of course, Tibetan is mostly Buddhism.
Among Tibetan Buddhism, there is a four-grade schools,
and among that is the (speaks in foreign language)
(speaks in foreign language)
There is two different major lineages,
as many of you know, those are known as the Kama lineage,
the Therma lineage, and this particular teaching
is as we discussed already, is Therma lineage.
And this is the, this teaching,
reverent by a great (speaks in foreign language)
and the region of (speaks in foreign language)
as we're speaking that.
And as he reverent this teaching,
he shared the first time to this (speaks in foreign language)
and as well as (speaks in foreign language)
he shared this teaching, gave two minutes disciples,
and I was one of those 14 disciples,
a student had the opportunity to direct this teaching
from his own (speaks in foreign language)
and as well as received this teaching
from also (speaks in foreign language)
and so many other (speaks in foreign language)
so this is the brief history of how this teaching came.
And now, so that is what history and this teaching
or within this (speaks in foreign language)
then I will offer the empowerment
that which is known as maturing the mind
or maturing our (speaks in foreign language)
so that is the brilliant history
and as his own teachings,
that I follow the kind of roughly translation,
so now with that understanding,
then we follow that the empowerment
or the ceremony itself
and so now,